The Fourth Floor Detainment Center would look innocuous enough to an
outsider, were any ever allowed inside. The Fourth was large and sprawling with
winding halls leading off into separate holding areas. The sections looked exactly the
same despite the fact that they served very different purposes. Each corridor was silent
and sterile with fluorescent lights glaring down. The overall appearance was very much
like an institution or a hospital.
There was no way of knowing that deep within the Interrogation Center in the
northern wing, blood-curdling screams were silenced by soundproof cells. Or that the
walls and floors weren't made of tile for aesthetics but rather because it was easier to
wash away the blood that often stained them. There were no indications that within
those halls, people were dragged back to their cells or sometimes carried to the freight
elevator-- an area that typically had one destination: the incinerator in the basement of
the Tower. The staff were just as deceptive. Psychiatric doctors on Fourth existed for
the sole purpose of reading the inmates; figuring out what made them tick and what the
best tactics would be before proceeding with appropriate interrogation and punishment.
Medical doctors on Fourth were entrusted with the duty of keeping the inmates alive
until the Agency was ready to dispose of them.
In reality, the Fourth Floor Detainment Center held a variety of inmates that
ranged from enemy captives who were ruthlessly interrogated before their fate was
decided, to employees of the Agency who had committed a severe enough infraction to
warrant torture-interrogation or a stint in isolation in the Holding Wing. For others, the
Fourth was a final destination as they awaited their termination.
And for one infamous man, the Fourth was a holding area between his uses.
That man was at the forefront of everyone's minds today. Several guards were
huddled inside a cell in the Maximum Security Wing and two were lingering outside in
the hallway.Officer Luke Gerant had seen several cells in Maximum Security but none of
them were quite like this, which had been built specifically for the highly unpredictable
man inside.
The entire wall between the cell and the hallway was made from bulletproof,
high-grade reinforced glass, allowing no place for the prisoner to hide from the watchful
guards. Even if the guards missed something in person, the guards monitoring the
cameras would notice and raise an alarm. The entire Agency was watched by cameras
but Luke had been in the monitoring room before. He knew that there was an entire wall
of screens specifically for the Maximum Security Wing, which, unlike even the rest of
Fourth, had cameras in the cells as well as the hallways. This area had more cameras
than even some of the lesser-used buildings on compound had on all their floors.
"They're letting him out again?" Luke stared into the cell with an expression that
was a mix of disgust and fear. His youthful features made him appear far younger than
his peers, his wide-set eyes emphasizing the horror in his expression. "Captain Stevens
was killed trying to detain him and now they're reinstating him? After everything that's
happened?"
Office Travis Randazzo just shrugged and didn't seem particularly surprised by
the information. He watched the guards inside the cell, large men who were outfitted in
riot gear, surrounding a structure that could only be described as a box. It was six feet
by five feet and appeared to be made of metal, although it was entirely white. The
structure functioned as a cell within a cell-- an extreme punishment for a man who was
known for performing extreme acts of violence. "I know you're the new kid but you need
to learn that asking questions in this place is a good way to find yourself in your own
little cell," Travis muttered softly. He shifted and crossed his arms over the black and
grey uniform that all Agency guards were required to wear. "Even though we ain't
agents, that still goes for us."
Luke glared at him for a moment, indignation clear in his dark brown eyes. "Don't
call me kid, Travis. I'm not new anymore. My first day on the job was when we escorted
this nutcase up here six months ago. I was backup security for his escort just like we